feat(portal-dcr): how-to configure Curity DCR for konnect portal [TDX-2644] (#4893)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/applications/dynamic-client-registration/curity.md

---
title: Configuring Curity for Dynamic Client Registration
breadcrumb: Curity
content_type: how-to
---

## Prerequisites

* Enterprise {{site.konnect_short_name}} account.
* A [Curity account](https://developer.curity.io/)

> * A [Curity instance](https://curity.io/resources/getting-started/) that can be publicly accessed over the internet, or from within the network your Kong Gateways are installed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [Curity instance](https://curity.io/resources/getting-started/) that can be publicly accessed over the internet or from within the network where your gateways are installed.
```

> ## Configuring Curity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure Curity
```

> To use dynamic client registration (DCR) with Curity as the identity provider (IdP), there are three important configurations to prepare in Curity. In the following sections you will see how to configure the token issuer, create a client, and enable dynamic client registration for the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use dynamic client registration (DCR) with Curity as the identity provider (IdP), there are three important configurations to prepare in Curity. In the following sections, you will configure the token issuer, create a client, and enable dynamic client registration for the client.
```

To get started configuring Curity, log in to your Curity dashboard and complete the following:

> 1. Select the **Profiles** tab near the top of the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Profiles** tab on the dashboard.
```

2. Select an existing **Token Service Profile** in the **Profiles** diagram, or create a new one if necessary.

> 3. Complete the following sections using the **Token Service Profile** you have selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Complete the following sections using the **Token Service Profile** you selected.
```

> ### Configure token issuer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the token issuer
```

2. Enable the setting **Use Access Token as JWT**.

3. Add a new token issuer using **New Token Issuer** button.

4. Fill in the following values for the token issuer, and click **create**:
    * Name: `userinfo`
    * Issuer Type: `jwt`
    * Purpose Type: `userinfo`

5. In the displayed "Edit Custom Token Issuer" form, select the desired values for **Tokens Data Source ID**, **Signing Key**, and **Verification KeyStore**.

### Create a client

1. Select **Token Service > Clients** from the menu.

2. Click **New Client** to add a new client.

3. Give the client a unique and descriptive name, noting it for later use.

4. Click the **Capabilities** in the overview diagram to add a capability to the **client**.

5. Select **Client Credentials** and click **next**.

6. Set the **Authentication Method** to `secret` and generate a secret, copy it for later use, and click **next**.

   {:.important}
   > **Important:** Store the secret in a place you can reference, because it will not be visible after this step.

### Enable Dynamic Client Registration

1. Select **Token Service > General > Dynamic Registration** from the menu.

2. Click **Enable Dynamic Client Registration**.

> 3. Ensure **Non Templatized** and **Dynamic Client Management** are both enabled and click **next**.

Author: The `kong.Spelling` check is flagging this, but this is how it appears in the Curity UI
<img width="877" alt="Screen Shot 2022-12-12 at 2 53 48 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8764246/207141266-49ccc54c-56a5-44ac-b7aa-98055f3e5127.png">

Reviewer: I can fix that, I'll just add it to the Vale dictionary.

> 3. Ensure **Non Templatized** and **Dynamic Client Management** are both enabled and click **next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure **Non Templatized** and **Dynamic Client Management** are both enabled, and then click **next**.
```

4. Select the desired client data source and click **next**.

5. Select the **Authentication Method** `authenticate-client-by`, add the name of the Client that was created above, and click **next**.

6. Select the desired nodes to enable DCR on and click **next**.

## Configure the Dev Portal

Once you have Curity configured, you can set up the Dev Portal to use Curity for dynamic client registration (DCR).

1. Sign in to {{site.konnect_short_name}}, then select {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} **Dev Portal** from the menu.

2. Click **Settings** to open the Dev Portal settings.

3. Click the **Application Setup** tab to open the DCR settings for your Dev Portal.

4. Select **Curity** as the external identity provider.

> 5. Enter the **Issuer URL** for your authorization server, it will look something like `https://<YOUR_CURITY_INSTANCE_DOMAIN>/oauth/v2/oauth-anonymous/.well-known/openid-configuration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter the **Issuer URL** for your authorization server, it will look something like `https://CURITY_INSTANCE_DOMAIN/oauth/v2/oauth-anonymous/.well-known/openid-configuration`
```

6. Enter the Client secret you saved when configuring the client in Curity into the **Token** field.

7. If using the configuration described above, enter the `sub` into the **Claims** field and leave the **Scopes** field empty. If you have configured Curity differently, then ensure you add the correct **Scopes** and **Claims**.

8. Click **Save**.

   If you previously configured any DCR settings, this will
   overwrite them.

## Create an application with DCR

From the **My Apps** page in the Dev Portal, follow these instructions:

1. Click the **New App** button.

2. Fill out the **Create New Application** form with your application name, redirect URI, and a description.

3. Click **Create** to save your application.

> 4. After your application has been created, you will see the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After your application is created, you will see the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.
```

>    Please store these values, they will only be shown once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Store these values, they will only be shown once.
```

>    Click **Proceed** to continue to the application's details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Proceed** to continue to the application's details page.
```
